---
layout: post
title: Synology DS215jにNextcloudをインストール
tags: [ds215j,synology,server,nextcloud]
---

Synology DS215jにNextcloudをインストールする方法。

## PHPの設定

- Synology NASのDSMのアプリ 「Web Station」を開き、以下の機能を有効にします。
    curl
    gd
    iconv
    mysql
    openssl
    pdo_mysql
    pdo_sqlite
    zip

- Next tab: “Core“. Search for the following values and change them accordingly:

memory_limit= 512M
upload_max_filesize= 128M (Allows uploading of maximum file size. If you need to upload bigger files, you can set 4000M = 4GB)
post_max_size= 128M
opcache.enable= 1
opcache.enable_cli= 1
opcache.interned_strings_buffer= 64
opcache.max_accelerated_files= 32531
opcache.memory_consumption= 512
opcache.save_comments= 1
opcache.revalidate_freq= 240


## SSHで設定する

```
$ ssh [user]@192.168.x.x -p[port]
$ sudo -i
# mkdir /volume2/web/nextcloud/
# cd /volume2/web/nextcloud/
# curl -O https://download.nextcloud.com/server/releases/nextcloud-21.0.0.zip

解凍

# chown -R http:http /volume2/web/nextcloud/
# chmod -R 0770 /volume2/web/nextcloud/

# cd /volume2/web/nextcloud/
# curl -O https://download.nextcloud.com/server/installer/setup-nextcloud.php
```

1. Open the file /etc/nginx/proxy.conf in PuTTY (as root).
2. Add the entry proxy_read_timeout 600; at the end.
3. Save and close the file.
4. Test the configuration with nginx -t.
5. Restart the nginx with synoservice -restart nginx.
6. Create the file /usr/local/etc/apache24/sites-enabled/apache_nextcloud.conf with PuTTy and inserts the following lines:
ProxyTimeout 600
Timeout 600
<IfModule reqtimeout_module>
    RequestReadTimeout body=0
</IfModule>
7. Save and close the file and restart Apache, which is cumbersome by starting and stopping the Web Station, restarting DiskStation or you create a scheduled task: Task Scheduler > Service > Start / Stop task for Apache. Deactivate the tasks and manually executes the stop task first, wait a moment and then execute the start task.

vi nextcloud/lib/private/Setup/MySQL.php
    Open (with PuTTY) the file /volumeX/web/Nextcloud/lib/private/Setup/MySQL.php
    Scrollt almost to the end an look for following line:

$this->dbPassword = $this->random->generate(30, ISecureRandom::CHAR_DIGITS . ISecureRandom::CHAR_LOWER . ISecureRandom::CHAR_UPPER);

    Remove “, ISecureRandom::CHAR_DIGITS . ISecureRandom::CHAR_LOWER . ISecureRandom::CHAR_UPPER“, so it looks like this:

$this->dbPassword = $this->random->generate(30);

    Save and close the file.


/etc/nginx/nginx.conf
keepalive_timeout             605s 20s;

http://192.168.0.5/nextcloud/setup-nextcloud.php
In the field asking where Nextcloud should be installed, delete nextcloud and replace it with a single dot:

By default, Nextcloud is configured to use SQLite, but that can cause all kinds of performance issues, so change this option to MySQL/MariaDB and fill in the details as follows:

    Username: root
    Password: The password you set when you installed MariaDB earlier
    Database name: This can be anything you like, let’s go with nextcloud
    Delete localhost and replace it with 127.0.0.1:3307

At this point you MIGHT get a 504 error. Don’t worry, Nextcloud has installed. This is just a weird bug in Nextcloud. Leave it for 5 minutes and refresh the page; you should then see the Nextcloud login page.
